From: https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/The_End#Main_island    All players begin their exploration of the End with the main island. Unlike Nether portals, entering the end portal instantly teleports the player to the End, giving no time to back out. Upon arrival, in the end, the player materializes on a 5×5×1 obsidian platform with 3 layers of air blocks above it. The platform can generate on the island, within it, or at a short distance from it, close enough to throw an ender pearl to reach the island. It always generates centered on the coordinates (100, 49, 0) with the player facing west. Once the player enters the End, the only way back is to die or defeat the ender dragon. The dragon spawns naturally and flies around above ten towers of obsidian arranged in a circle around the central Exit Portal, which fills up at the end of the battle. On top of each tower lies an end crystal, some of which are protected by cages of iron bars. These crystals heal the dragon, but can be destroyed by hitting it (even with projectiles). Destroying the crystal while the dragon is healing damages the dragon. Once defeated, the dragon goes to the exit portal at (0, 64, 0), rises into the sky and disintegrates, with bright beams of light flashing from its body. It then explodes, drops 12,000 (first dragon) or 500 (all subsequent dragons) experience orbs, activates the exit portal, and generates one end gateway portal (first 20 dragons only). This gives the player access to the End's outer islands. Atop the exit portal lies four torches and the dragon egg. After killing the dragon, it can be respawned an unlimited number of times by placing four end crystals on the sides of the exit portal. Respawning the ender dragon and killing respawned ender dragons regenerates the torches on the end portal, but not the dragon egg. Once the player enters the exit portal, the "end poem" is displayed, therefore "completing" the game. The player then respawns wherever their spawn is set in the Overworld or in the Nether, and may return to the End through the same portal (or a different portal from another stronghold); the End remains in the same state as the player left it. The obsidian platform is regenerated each time a player enters the End, meaning that any blocks or block entities placed in the 5×5×4 space on or above the platform are destroyed and replaced with obsidian and air blocks.